Christian Eddie - ceddie1
    The ER model looks amazing, we have some similar features thus I assume we agree on the relationships. I thought your comment was a bit harsh, and you should have a more professional relationship with your group members such as showering before coming to our meetings. From: dthai
    This ER model looks very aesthetically pleasing it's very well organized and easy to follow. From: misunis
    This ER diagram looks good to me, since most of the concept matches what I did, whereas, I personaly consider that the Entity FavoriteList should be as an weak entity of users, since different user can have their list with the same name, and the name of two lists of one user can't be the same. However, overall, nice work. From: Lei Xiao(lxiao4)

Daniel Thai - dthai
    The two relationships "retweet" and "follow" are connected. Relationships should be between two entities. Daniel is also a meanie and hurts my feelings. From: ceddie1
    This ER diagram is well-organized, correctly shows most of details in the assignment summary, however, one thing that I noticed from this diagarm is that two relations are connected together, which isn't correct refers to what instructor taught in the class. From: leiXiao(lxiao4)  

Lei Xiao - lxiao4
    The diagram is well organized. I noticed both of the attributes "short text" and "long text" are underlined, I think the entity "URL" should only have one unique attribute. From: ceddie1
    Your diagram is organized. The horizontal and vertical lines provide your model with an organized aesthetic. Good job! From: dthai
    The ER model looks good. I believe that there is no need of PaidSubscription as an attribute. Overall, the diagram looks perfect. Great Job! From: shubhka1

Brandon Misunis - misunis
    I think there should be a participation constraint between the entity "tweet" and the relationship "write". Otherwise, the diagram looks good. From: ceddie1

    I feel slightly confused as to why each user can own at most one bot. In my opinion, user should be able to create as many bots as they want. However, I am fascinated by the idea  of considering bots as a subtype of users. This could provide them with a similar functionality to users - they would be able to write tweets, comment on them etc. The only question is whether we want to give the bots the same rights and functionality as to users. After all, the platform exists for the users and maybe it would make sense to provide humans with more or different tools. Either way, I think it's an interesting topic for a discussion. From: latyshev

Pollo Latysheva - latyshev
    At first thought, ISA hierarchy seems most appropriate for the subset of a user, and in yours, you chose to omit the bots from the ISA hierarchy. This representation of the description is understandable and makes sense. Because it can be unknown if they can be considered as a user. Brilliant! From: dthai

Shubhkaran Dhillon - shubhka1
    From your model, you placed "no label" as an entity under the ISA hierarchy. I believe the more appropriate representation of no label is to remove this entity under the ISA hierarchy. Users can be of themselves, thus being a "user" has no label. Great work though! From: dthai
    I do not exactly understand the purpose of "no label" entity under ISA. In addition to that, I think it would be a good idea to remove the arrow from bots to ISA and replace it just with a line. Also, I'm not sure if making "Follow" a separate entiity is the best design choice as it probably would be easier to just use a relationship from the user to itself; However, it is an interested argument that we might need to send notifications to the people who are subscribed to one another, so actually maybe this design is worth futher investigation. I like the idea of making favorite lists a weak entity! They should not exist without their creator. From: latyshev

